docs: update permissions OKRs for Q1 2020 (#836)
sourcegraph/about: company/okrs/2020_q1.md

   1. At least four customers are running AND/OR/NOT queries and metrics to validate this KR are tracked in [pings](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings).

1. **Transparent and scalable code-host permissions syncing**

>    1. 95th percentile latency of authorization on the read path (i.e. `authzFilter`) is below 10ms. => Prometheus metrics in place, not able to add to ping because of technical diffcuities. Instead, will add alerts to Grafana panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. 95th percentile latency of authorization on the read path (i.e. `authzFilter`) is below 10ms. => Prometheus metrics in place, not able to add to ping because of technical difficulties. Instead, will add alerts to Grafana.
```
